\input texinfo   @c -*-texinfo-*-

@c %**start of header
@setfilename analyse-gamma.info
@settitle analyse-gamma
@afourpaper
@documentencoding UTF-8
@documentlanguage en
@finalout
@c %**end of header


@dircategory Miscellaneous
@direntry
* analyse-gamma: (analyse-gamma).    Gamma adjustment analysis tool
@end direntry


@copying
Copyright @copyright{} 2015 Mattias Andrée

@quotation
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3 or
any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no
Invariant Sections, with no Front-Cover Texts, and with no Back-Cover
Texts. A copy of the license is included in the section entitled
``GNU Free Documentation License''.
@end quotation
@end copying

@ifnottex
@node Top
@top analyse-gamma -- Gamma adjustment analysis tool
@insertcopying
@end ifnottex

@titlepage
@title analyse-gamma
@subtitle Gamma adjustment analysis tool
@author by Mattias Andrée (maandree)

@page
@c @center `'
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@contents



@menu
* Overview::                        Brief overview of @command{analyse-gamma}.
* Invoking::                        Invocation of @command{analyse-gamma}.
* GNU Free Documentation License::  Copying and sharing this manual.
@end menu



@node Overview
@chapter Overview

@command{analyse-gamma} analyses the gamma ramps on your
CRTC:s, and outputs the results to stdout. @command{analyse-gamma}
uses @command{libgamma} and, hence, supports X RandR, X VidMode,
Linux DRM in the Linux VT, Windows GDI, and Mac OS X Quartz/CoreGraphics.
It will also support the Wayland compsitor Orbital.

Wayland and Haiku is not supported because those systems
do not support gamma ramps.


@node Invoking
@chapter Invoking

Simply run @command{analyse-gamma}, all arguments are currently
ignored.



@node GNU Free Documentation License
@appendix GNU Free Documentation License
@include fdl.texinfo

@bye

